feat: Adding Ollama model on Vertex AI (#1626)
GoogleCloudPlatform/generative-ai: open-models/README.md

### Use cases

> - [serving/cloud_run_ollama_gemma2_rag_qa.ipynb](./serving/cloud_run_ollama_gemma2_rag_qa.ipynb) - This notebooks provides steps and code to deploy an open source RAG pipeline to Cloud Run using Ollama and the Gemma 2 model.

Reviewer: @inardini Don't remove this line, but change the link to be `use-cases`

> - [serving/cloud_run_ollama_gemma2_rag_qa.ipynb](./serving/cloud_run_ollama_gemma2_rag_qa.ipynb) - This notebooks provides steps and code to deploy an open source RAG pipeline to Cloud Run using Ollama and the Gemma 2 model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [use-cases/cloud_run_ollama_gemma2_rag_qa.ipynb](./use-cases/cloud_run_ollama_gemma2_rag_qa.ipynb) - This notebooks provides steps and code to deploy an open source RAG pipeline to Cloud Run using Ollama and the Gemma 2 model.
```

Author: fixed

> - [serving/cloud_run_ollama_gemma2_rag_qa.ipynb](./serving/cloud_run_ollama_gemma2_rag_qa.ipynb) - This notebooks provides steps and code to deploy an open source RAG pipeline to Cloud Run using Ollama and the Gemma 2 model.

Author: done
